various practices may be related to
but we ended up defeated
because of the date of the office
will follow the same as a good band at the beginning of the low-demand trading session
on the subject I think we're going to leave the Olympic gym
this is the way forward
already something called
in no time
my
now the blame is everyone will spend the next Easter at home
you are completely mistaken, communism is not what you
They are saying
I was sleeping or lending.
I'm reading Mike's book.
that this view of communism is totally wrong
that you do is actually a consequence of the cold war and the mind
ambition of dictators
mh
the agency means that we no longer need the same article
wellington nor
it is not
the best possible hit
trainings train the team
to get to our energy wins better than nothing but I did not
paying
we're wasting time here they're studying it all wrong
my father
now they're holding hands and minds, what's Caesar's being really is
a good action is not no goal calm there we're just arguing about the
true function of camarada camp doubts
jean norm and malaise there will be no special measures
now comes out ahead of the material released I'm a little nervous and
They'll have to get over me.
this Friday it was exactly
like the whole team
on the Colombian championship supported
majority of the clump chamber at night
what is it for
rose
we should not miss seeing our football
communist communism ended up dying victim
- the management of george bush father
oh my holy
those are terribly
will be able to re-enter the regime regime of Qaddafi
so it's important that life paulo
program - Sousa's third most expensive player praised
what would become of us if you do not eliminate all those communists by
cause we will not take anyone to jail and we will have more time to
begin with your current cast we take the very symbol of capitalism itself
entitled to 100 pips track creation of the roots
in the field does not lie and the planet earth
for the first time in my life i will apply for anything
dating with the agents to apprehend even with the arrival of lara of hands
shaking cardozo has confirmed the education staff
we can not make ugly
So
ledger by heon mounts direct the young jorge wagner
according to guilherme mendes they talked about me coming and nobody answered
but we just discovered that you are behind this camp
communist's water will not really be any genius who got rid of his
hand at the beginning of the year that they run you over rio de janeiro
in reaction to the millenium gratinada in his chest throwing alves
lavigne to the north Korea damn tinga is a good third
germany was not even tomorrow